1
Title of book: Green Eggs and Ham
Author: Dr Suess
Title of review: Story time with My Granddaugther
Body of review: First let me say I love Dr. Seuss. I just finished reading 'Green Eggs And Ham' with my granddaughter and we really enjoyed it. In short, the book teaches children to try something first before they decide they don't like something. The illustrations are great! I beleve we can all take a lesson from this one.
Rating: 5
Username:StarryNight

2
Title of book: Inland: A Novel
Author: TEA OBREHT
Title of review: How to Categorize.....
Body of review: This is a tough one to categorize. Maybe magical realism, maybe historical? I was very glad I ignored the reviews comparing it to Lincoln in the Bardo (which I strongly disliked). Inland encompasses two stories (an abandoned - maybe - wife in a hostile environment in the late 1800s and a young camel rider in the same area, but a somewhat different time). Ghosts, spirits, untrustworthy (and trustworthy) companions encompass the events as the two protagonists make their way in the world.. The environment and many of the characters are harsh and demanding. Ultimately it's a strong story, well-written and well-told. So in the end, I was very glad I stuck with it and I do recommend it if you go in knowing it's not a typical historical/western piece. I hadn't read the author's previous work but may just need to.
Rating: 5
Username:NanettLs

3
Title of book: Daisy Jones & The Six
Author: TAYLOR JENKINS REID
Title of review: Are you a fan of 70's rock?
Body of review: I'm not really, but I was curious if this book would live up to the hype. Unfortunately, I don't think that it really did. As the third book I've read by TJR, it was good but left me wondering   what the whole point of the book was... It didn't feel like there is a true plot to this one. It's the  story of a band. There is history of course, but where is it leading? To the band breaking up? Just the course of the band?
   The audiobook is narrated by a full cast of characters - which usually does more to confuse me than     enrich the book. I liked that before speaking, most of the narrators stated the name of their character and that the book is formatted as a mash-up of interviews rather than just dialog and description.
  The content it good - I really felt like I was following the band, I just don't know why. Overall   enjoyable, but not something I'd read again.
Rating: 3
Username: Jynell

4
Title of book: I Miss You When I Blink
Author: MARY LAURA PHILPOTT
Title of review:  An old friend who just gets you
Body of review: This book felt like talking to an old friend who just gets you. I recommend it to anyone who struggles with anxiety or fears of loss, death, aging, or the passing of time. That sounds dark and depressing, but Philpott takes those deep-seated fears and adds humor and human-ness, making you feel less alone.
Rating:
Username:

5
Title of book: The Water Cure: A Novel
Author: SOPHIE MACKINTOSH
Title of review: A deep read
Body of review: This was a very dark and intense reading experience for me. It has a dystopian, hypnotic quality to it. It is a book that needs to be pulled apart and talked about and analysed. Everything that happens in this book can be seen from many different angles and you may change your mind several times about which of the characters are the ones to be feared. A good choice if you are looking for something introspective that will leave you thinking.
Rating:
Username: DrFizz

6
Title of book: American Spy
Author: LAUREN WILKINSON
Title of review: Challenging read
Body of review: This novel wasn't exactly an easy read, but it was challenging in a good way. The narrator, Marie Mitchell, is a character full of nuance and complications. She's works for the FBI in the 1980s and finds herself pulled into an intelligence operation to bring down a West African leader. Marie has her own agenda, too, and she has an interest in learning more about the man behind this operation, who has a connection to her sister's death. All of this makes for a fascinating story and one that made me realize how little I knew about the Cold War in Africa.
Rating: 4
Username:PepperedDr

8
Title of book: As Long as We Both Shall Live
Author: JOANN CHANEY
Title of review: No, just no!
Body of review: I simply cannot fathom how this book got so many good reviews. I thought the plot line was ridiculous, and it was poorly written and filled with cardboard characters that I couldn't care less about. Virtually everyone in this book was either a psychopath who blithely committed murder or a cynic who moved through life with hardly any redeeming qualities. Horrible book!
Rating: 1
Username:booklover1995

9
Title of book: Golden Child: A Novel
Author: CLAIRE ADAM
Title of review: A recommended read!
Body of review: I am unsure who recommended this book to me but it proved to be well worth reading. I have never read a novel set in Trinidad before, so I was interested to find it's location. Through the   multiple narrative voices, the reader soon learns that it is a very unsafe country to live in with gangs and a corrupt police force.
   It proved to be a gripping read.
Rating:
Username:

10
Title of book: Doxology: A Novel
Author: NELL ZINK
Title of review: Not for me
Body of review: I didn’t gel with this in the beginning, quite liked it in the middle few pages and then didn’t like it in the last half. Even the ending was a dissatisfaction because although I had finished it, and I was glad to move on to something else, I didn’t like the ending. Not for me.
Rating: 2
Username:Vividrogers

11
Title of book: Orange World and Other Stories
Author: KAREN RUSSELL
Title of review: One of my favorites!
Body of review: Karen Russell is one of my favorite writers around today. While I enjoyed all of her word choices - "koalaing" as verb was adorable, for example – I preferred the stories that hewed a bit closer to reality, with something mystical thrown in. "The Bad Graft" and "Orange World" were my favorites, though I did like the post-climate change twist of "The Gondoliers," too. Looking forward to her next work, as always!
Rating: 4
Username:nancyjean19

12
Title of book: The Unwinding of the Miracle
Author: JULIE YIP-WILLIAMS
Title of review: A little repetitive
Body of review: I found this a little long and maybe a little repetitive, but it's one of the better examples of the dying of cancer memoir genre thanks to its introspection and unflinching honesty.
Rating: 3
Username: shydog78

13
Title of book: There's a Word for That
Author: SLOAN TANEN
Title of review: Mostly meh
Body of review: Retired film producer Marty and his grown (supposedly) daughters Janine and Amanda (who has twin daughters) and their dysfunctional relationships, including Marty's with his first ex-wife Bunny. He reconnects with Bunny when they are both in rehab in Malibu. Marty has a history of bad relationships and is currently in one with Gail who seems to only want his money, never minding Marty is practically out of his. There is a wide range of personalities in the characters in the book. I liked Henry and Janine, for the most part, after she arrived in LA.
Rating: 3
Username: martdog21

14
Title of book: The Dreamers
Author: KAREN THOMPSON WALKER
Title of review: Looking for words
Body of review: I’m finding this a hard review to put into words. Reminiscent of a Stephen King book at times, especially The Dome, this was enjoyable without too much craziness.
  Definitely some sadness involved but not too overwhelming. This is an interesting concept to consider.
Rating: 4
Username: bookforbrunch

15
Title of book: Breasts and Eggs
Author: Mieko Kawakami
Title of review: Breasts and Eggs by Mieko Kawakami is a revelation
Body of review: I'd never heard of her and like so many others was hooked by the glowing blurb by Haruki Murakami. Miekos writing is straightforward and clear and through this clean crisp clarty the ideas flow. The stories center around women in Japan and women's bodies in Japan. It's a thoroughly moving and weird novel. It's in the tradition of Murakami greatness but it's refreshingly not Murakami.
It's moving and weird and insightful. I'm looking forward to more from Kawakami.

Rating: 5
Username: jaysworld

16
Title of book: The Vanishing Half
Author: Brit Bennett
Title of review: Terrific read!
Body of review: Terrific book - a slow start but then you grow to love the characters….
Rating: 5
Username: patrickstar

17
Title of book: In Search of Lost Time
Author: Marcel Proust
Title of review: A wonderful experience
Body of review: Reading this was one of the most wonderful experiences in my life, like diving into another, euphoric world.
Rating: 5
Username: xeno4567

18
Title of book: Ulysses
Author: James Joyce
Title of review: Best. Book. Ever.
Body of review: There's no way to describe this in 1000 characters. Maybe the best book ever written...but thank god there's not two of them! Brilliant but impenetrable.
Rating: 5
Username:frankydog78

19
Title of book: Moby Dick
Author: Herman Melville
Title of review: 2nd time is a charm
Body of review: I gave this a slow re-read, sticking to just a couple chapters a day. This pace really helped me take the time to appreciate the majesty of the prose... truly the Great American Novel.
Rating: 5
Username: booms

20
Title of book: The Great Gatsby
Author: F. Scott Fitzgerald
Title of review: favorites
Body of review: One of my favorites. I may not be a member of Long Island's wealthy society in the 1920s, but there's a lot of universal emotional depth in this story, especially relating to the way some of us romanticize memories and develop longings that nothing in this world can really fulfill.
Rating: 5
Username: LimeadeIsLife

